Add dependency analysis documentation from CoreRT (#63665)
dotnet/runtime: docs/workflow/debugging/coreclr/debuging-compiler-dependency-analysis.md

- Commonly, if there is a object file symbol associated with the node it should be used as part of the regular expression. See the various implementations of GetName in the compiler for naming behavior.
- Additionally, the event source marking mode assigns an Id to each node, and that is found as the mark object on the node, so if a specific id is known, just type that in, and it will appear in the window. (This is for use when using this tool in parallel with debugging the compiler.

# Single Node Exploration #
Once the interesting node(s) have been identified in the dependency graph window, select one of them, and then press Explore.
  - In the Node Explorer window, the Dependent nodes (the ones which dependend on the current node are the nodes displayed above, and the Dependee nodes (the nodes that this node depends on) are displayed below. Each node in the list is paired with a textual reason as to why that edge in the graph exists.
  - Select a node to explore further and press the corresponding button to make it happen.

WhyDGML
=======

> This tool visualizes paths from a node of interest to the roots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tool can be used to visualize paths from a node of interest to the roots. To use it, pass command line option to the compiler to generate the DGML file (`--dgmllog name_of_output_file`) and then use this tool to find the path to the root. If you're looking at an optimized NativeAOT compilation, `--scandgmllog` might be preferable since it will have more details.
```
